hey guys what is going known did I have
to FC bm's I decided to do in both in
one because I don't think there's a
whole lot of cards but I you know I I
really don't want to get too far behind
on my cards my mail vids because I know
you guys want to see them and I feel bad
because like I don't know I feel like I
have too many to upload so I I'll just
start combining a few of like the
smaller ones so it says hey super duper
tutorials I just want to send some free
cards I thought you might like these I
would greatly appreciate a signature
card or maybe some extras if you have
the time PS keep up the awesome videos
you are the only pokey tumor that i'm
subbed two or four so thank you so much
that's awesome I don't know if they
included a youtube name but the actually
I think they might say Josh on the front
is if that is kind of covered up by
something but so thank you josh i don't
know what to put as your youtube name so
I'm so spoiler no togepi's LOL on the
package so that's kind of funny so so
thank you um Thank You Josh sir so
here's the the cards they're all kind of
scattered a little bit all right so
there's one and here's the other ones I
don't know this is kind of confusing me
um sploosh e what ice blue oh I think
they had it on the top loader thing like
this it says I was weird i don't even so
there's their other kind of signature
card thing they just drew on the deal
will sleeve there so we got a skitty a
star you from base side that's cool
brockville pics and oddish an awesome
may set to growlithe love that and a neo
destiny growlithe so that's awesome so
thank you for those and in the other
packet we get this awesome looking
Pikachu card this looks really really
sweet I love this it's really cool
japanese Pikachu from jungle a Goldeen
from jungle japanese a Charmander from
base set both our fan base set I was
expecting a squirtle but I am a
shadowless dragonair from base set so
that's pretty sweet
like that I dig I dig so does have a
little crease in it but it's so cool
because it's free so thank you for those
Josh Joshua I hope that's your name if
not then I'm just going to sound like an
idiot aren't I so here's the the second
package looks like magic cards actually
yeah come on so in this one we got oh
it's fun dear Danny I hope you enjoy
some cool things I've given you and I
hope you can send me a pichu and Pikachu
but enough of my wants so I hope my
comic will be a good I don't know what
that says be good I'll be good read and
I hope I started your magic gathering
collection I don't have any magic the
gathering cards so yeah thanks for those
sincerely alex cook also alex cook on
youtube check me out bros and brosephine
alright cool pic and then it says my
prediction of gen-6 pokemon that looks
epic okay yep that sounds about right so
thank you for that in yeah it would
appear that he has made me a comic so
this is interesting i'm not going to
show the whole thing on here but um that
that looks pretty ba i'm gonna
definitely read this later so it's just
like an actual comic of like I think
it's Pokemon yes pokemon pokemon comic
book so thank you for that I will
definitely read it looks pretty pretty
sweet pretty pretty sweet home says
number one the strange sound so pokemon
adventures in space by Alex cook gen7
pokemon coming up with new generations
on yes so here's the cards that you sent
me I have no idea what any of these are
worth so there's any ones that are like
super duper amazing i probably won't
know so got a pacifism black cleave
goblin corpse ker you that one that
one's interesting that's a that's a good
one right
yeah it looks so scary you know ichor
rats look at the art on that boy it is
disgusting thank you for sending me some
rats in the mail haha then we got a cyst
bearer that one sounds gross sounds very
gross so we got a swamp that one's that
one's manageable planes those are nice I
like planes better than rats and assist
bearers we got a quicksilver behemoth I
don't even want to know I don't want to
know we got a island is good I'll that's
that's a nice one that's a nice one
though you got soul party I don't really
want to be a part of the soul party we
got a core hook master island owns an
actual person it appears and uh no this
is mountain it's fun cracka runa Kraken
Kraken Nora you're such a crock on neuro
looks like he's like eating a bird no
that's not what's happening I don't know
I don't know we got hands of the binding
that one looks pretty sweet like a
warrior guy so thank you for those I
don't really know what I don't know I
think this is kind of like Pokemon where
you like make a deck it it looks kind of
more like yugioh than pokemon or you
just like make your deck and then battle
and choose obviously so thank you for
those magic the gathering deck master oh
I guess I'm a deck master now so thank
you for those in the comic so yeah Alex
cook and Josh thank you for the the free
cards and other shenanigans so yeah
thank you guys so much for watching be
sure to leave a like if you enjoyed i
have the same exact outro and every
single one I gotta change out my shoes
whatevs though you guys like it don't
lie whatever right thanks for watching
guys bye
you